Add a link to the docker image in the README (#297)
matrix-org/sygnal: README.md

See the sample configuration for examples.

> You can find a docker image for sygnal [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/matrixdotorg/sygnal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a docker image for sygnal [on DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/matrixdotorg/sygnal).
```
